1)  On systems running Upstart, shorewall-init cannot reliably secure
    the firewall before interfaces are brought up.

2)  The 'configure' script described below does not work on RHEL5 and
    derivatives. The version of Bash on those systems does not support
    features used by the script.

    Failure message is:

	./configure: line 28: declare: -A: invalid option

    Corrected in Shorewall 4.5.2.1. See the release notes for details.

3)  If an INCLUDE directive appeares inside a ?IF ... ?ENDIF sequence,
    then the following error is generated after the included file had
    been read:

    	  ERROR: Missing ?ENDIF to match the ?IF at line ...

    Corrected in Shorewall 4.5.2.1

4)  There is an invalid entry in the shorewallrc.apple file.

    Corrected in Shorewall 4.5.2.1

5)  The 'version -a' command prints the wrong version for some
    products.

    Corrected in Shorewall 4.5.2.1

6)  If a shorewallrc file is passed to the the Shorewall 4.4.2.1
    Shorewall-core install script, subsequent compilations
    fail with errors as follows:

    	 Compiling /etc/shorewall/policy...
   	 ERROR: Unable to open /usr                             /share                /shorewall//lib.core: No such file or directory

    Workaround:

	edit /usr/share/shorewall/shorewallrc and delete trailing
    	whitespace in all lines.

    Corrected in Shorewall 4.5.2.2.

7)  If Digest::SHA has replaced Digest::SHA1 in the installed Perl
    version then compilations fail. A symptom is that the Shorewall
    installer claims that Perl is not installed.

    Workaround: Edit Shorewall/Chains.pm and replace

        use Digest::SHA1

    with

        use Digest::SHA

    Corrected in Shorewall 4.5.2.3.

8)  The 'show routing' command is broken when dash 0.5.7-2ubuntu2 is
    installed.

    Corrected in Shorewall 4.5.2.3.

9)  The 'configure' script handles --host=linux incorrectly. The result
    is that it attempts to open .default rather than
    shorewallrc.default.

    Corrected in Shorewall 4.5.2.3.

10) Setting TC_EXPERT=Yes does not allow SAVE/RESTORE to operate on all
    parts of the packet/connection mask.

    Corrected in Shorewall 4.5.2.3.

11) With fresh installs on Debian and derivatives, the firewall does
    not start at boot, even though the installer indicated that it
    would.

    This defect was introduced in Shorewall 4.5.2.

    Workaround - As root run:

        update-rc.d shorewall enable defaults

    A similar workaround can be used for shorewall6, shorewall-lite
    and shorewall6-lite; just replace 'shorewall' with the appropriate
    product name.

    Corrected in Shorewall 4.5.2.4.

12) The Shorewall installer fails on Slackware.

    Corrected in Shorewall 4.5.2.4.

13) The 'shorewall reset' command incorrectly resets the IPv6 packet
    and byte counts rather than the IPv4 counts.

    Corrected in Shorewall 4.5.2.4.

14) The Makefile must be modified manually if any of the referenced
    directories are in a non-standard place.


